[dashboards] Implement support for team tags in Dashboards (#1881)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/resources/dashboard.md

- `notify_list` (Set of String) The list of handles for the users to notify when changes are made to this dashboard.
- `reflow_type` (String) The reflow type of a new dashboard layout. Set this only when layout type is `ordered`. If set to `fixed`, the dashboard expects all widgets to have a layout, and if it's set to `auto`, widgets should not have layouts. Valid values are `auto`, `fixed`.
- `restricted_roles` (Set of String) UUIDs of roles whose associated users are authorized to edit the dashboard.

> - `tags` (List of String) A list of tags assigned to the Dashboard. Currently only supports only team names of the form team:<name>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `tags` (List of String) A list of tags assigned to the Dashboard. Only team names of the form `team:<name>` are supported.
```
